Update manage-voicemail-policies.md (#7813)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/manage-voicemail-policies.md

You can control these defaults by using the [Set-CsOnlineVoicemailPolicy](/powershell/module/skype/Set-CsOnlineVoicemailPolicy) and [Grant-CsOnlineVoicemailPolicy](/powershell/module/skype/Get-CsOnlineVoicemailPolicy) cmdlets.

> Voicemail messages received by users in your organization are transcribed in the closest regional data center of where your Microsoft 365 or Office 365 organization is hosted. This might not be the same region where the user receiving the voicemail message is located. As an example, users with data location in Australia will have their voicemail messages processed by the cloud voicemail service in APAC data center. To view the region where your tenant is hosted, go to the [Organization profile](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=2067339) page and then click **View details** next to **Data location**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Voicemail messages received by users in your organization are transcribed in the closest regional data center to where your Microsoft 365 or Office 365 organization is hosted. This might not be the same region where the user receiving the voicemail message is located. As an example, users with their data location in Australia will have their voicemail messages processed by the cloud voicemail service in an APAC data center. To view the region where your tenant is hosted, go to the [Organization profile](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=2067339) page and then select **View details** next to **Data location**. 
```
